the recombination of chromosomes
counterparts that carry some investment is
very interesting because it produces some
results with different types of
losses of election gains
etcetera for example it is represented that
an investment for centric investment
you see because these segments of
different colors are seen that match
here the blue and the gray but on the other hand the
orange and yellow are inverted
this is the region that has the investment
that as we see does not include the mere center
that's why it's an investment for centric
when these two chromosomes have
to align during meiosis
obviously they can not because of the
inversion and the chromosome that leads to
investment adopts a loop structure
so that now both chromosomes
can be aligned correctly in all
its regions
when there is a
recombination within the loop
the result is going to be that one of the
chromosomes will be downtown takes two
centromeres and the other chromosome is a
fragment to downtown without center but that
is lost and therefore the gametes go to
bring structural alterations
unbalanced important
in the case of a peri investment
centric like this one that we have
represented here the investment includes
the regions in orange and yellow and
also within the investment for the
center mere in this case when it forms
also during meiosis the loop in
the chromosome that leads to the inversion is
can align both counterparts and in this
case a recombination at this level
inside the handle will lead to two
normal chromosomes in that each
one of them has a mere center but
we see that they carry different types of
elections or duplication is for example
one of them has a region duplicated
in this case the gray and instead has
lost the regions that carried the
blue markers and the other chromosome the
another ga the other gametes will carry
duplication of these regions that
they carried the blue marker and instead
they will have lost elections
regions that carried the markers
gray so in the gametes
There will also be different
types of structural alterations
unbalanced